Hello and welcome back.
I have another challenge for you this is gonna be a challenge test your understanding of the facade
design pattern the requirements are going to be.
This is the current scenario we're gonna write an application that simulates accessing different menus
from multiple restaurants in a hotel.
So currently the optimal application is difficult to use as the interface to eat food at a restaurant
is overly complicated.
For this challenge your code required to create a facade.
So that is easier to order e at a restaurant or hotel the hotel has a hotel keeper and there are a lot
of restaurants inside the hotel vegan restaurants non vegan restaurants or both restaurants has a client
you want to access all the different menus of all the restaurants.
You do not know all the different menus that are available all you have access to is this hotel keeper
who knows this hotel quite well.
Whenever you want a menu you can tell the hotel keeper Hillary treat the correct menu from the respective
restaurants he'll hand the menu over to you.
It's a very simple the hotel keeper acts as the facade he hides the complexities of the hotel system
of all the different restaurants and all the different menus so I'm going to provide to you some source
code that will get you started on this project.
You'll just have to add the facade.
Some of the source code is gonna contain a hotel interface with this interface is gonna do it's just
going to return menus.
All right.
So I'll provide you with the menu interface.
I'll provide you with the three classes that implement this interface.
You can download the source code it will be right underneath the lecture.
It'll be something like facade challenge does zip.
The three classes aren't going to do much.
They're just going to be menus that can contain default constructors and I'll put the object that's
actually created.
So the interface is quite simple.
This remember this is the interface to get the menus from the hotel.
This is the what the facade will use.
The three types of reference that implement the hotel interface are not V again.
Again very simple they just have a gate menus and they create a new instance for each one of these vegan
restaurant hand.
Both can get both of them.
You need to create a simpler interface a facade a hotel keeper.
It should contain three match methods to each type of menu.
Otherwise you'd have to create all these different instances depending on what you wanted and you don't
want to have to do that.
So create a client that uses the facade as the facade for each type of menu.
It should be clear that the complex implementation will be done by the hotel keeper.
The client will just ask the hotel keeper and ask for either Virgin vegan or vegan or non vegan this
could be vegetarian or non vegetarian doesn't have to be otherwise that Regan earlier.
I guess I got that in my brain.
Vegetarian non vegetarian or both restaurant menus some sample output would just the correct instance
would be created either a vegan menu and on vegan menu or both menus.
It's a straightforward application.
Again I'll provide you some source code.
You'd have to create the facade so that the facade creates the correct instances.
Right now in order to get a menu you have to know what menu you have to know what restaurant it exists
in the hotel and then you also have to know what different menus there are.
What I would suggest is in the actual facade as you can just create methods for getting a specific menu
and those methods will create the correct restaurant and get the menus from the correct restaurant and
you don't have to worry about creating all these different instances.
So good luck.
I'll provide a solution in the next lecture.
Thank you.